Update README for 0.20.0 (#460)
JetBrains/jewel: README.md

and the branch on which the corresponding bridge code lives:

| IntelliJ Platform version(s) | Branch to use           |
|------------------------------|-------------------------|
| 2024.2 (beta 1+)             | `main`                  |
| 2024.1 (EAP 3+)              | `releases/241`          |
| 2023.3                       | `releases/233`          |
| 2023.2 (**deprecated**)      | `archived-releases/232` |
| 2023.1 or older              | **Not supported**       |

> ![img.png](img.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

```kotlin
// Equivalent to the old path-based API
Icon(PathIconKey("icons/myIcon.svg"), contentDescription = "...")
```

#### Build your own IconsKeys file

If you want to leverage the Jewel icons API with your icons, you can build your own `*IconsKeys` file, looking at our `AllIconsKeys` file as a reference. You can manually  maintain it or you can automatically generate it, accroding to your needs.

This would keep a common API for your icons and the provided icons, saving you from having to use string paths to reference them.

### Icons from IntelliJ Platform
If you are planning to use in your standalone app some of the platform icons found in `AllIcons`, you will need a bit of setup to make sure that the icons are present on the classpath as resources.

Add this to your build script:

```kotlin
dependencies {
   implementation("com.jetbrains.intellij.platform:icons:[ijpVersion]")
   // ...
}

repositories {
   // Choose either of these two, depending on whether you're using a stable IJP or not
   maven("https://www.jetbrains.com/intellij-repository/releases")
   maven("https://www.jetbrains.com/intellij-repository/snapshots")
}
```

> If you are building for IntelliJ, using the bridge, you can always access the icons because they are provided by the
> platform itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> If you are targeting an IntelliJ plugin, you don't need this additional setup since the icons are provided by the platform itself.
```

Once the icons are on the classhpath can use the `PlatformIcon` composable:

```kotlin
// For platform icons found in AllIcons
PlatformIcon(AllIconsKeys.Nodes.ConfigFolder, "taskGroup")

> ```
> ### Old UI and new UI icons

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

### Old UI and new UI icons
````

> Depending on your need to support the old UI and/or the new UI, you have to keep in mind that:
> 
> * `PathIconKey` represents one icon from the resources. This icon has a path that doesn't change, if you are targeting the new UI or the old UI.
> * `IntelliJIconKey` represents one icon as well, but discriminates between the old and new UI.
> 
> If you are targeting only the new UI, you can use either `PathIconKey` or `IntelliJIconKey` to load the icon. If you are targeting the old UI, you need to use `IntelliJIconKey`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The right `IconKey` to use depends on whether an icon has Old UI and New UI variants, or not:

* `PathIconKey` represents an icon from the resources that has no Old and New UI variants
* `IntelliJIconKey` is similar, but provides paths for both the Old and New UI variants

If you are targeting only the New UI, you can use either `PathIconKey` or `IntelliJIconKey` to load the icon. If you are targeting the Old UI, you need to use `IntelliJIconKey`.
```
